normalize bool filter to 'ansible booleans' (#70721)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/porting_guides/porting_guide_2.11.rst

Playbook
========

> The ``bool`` Jinja filter has been updated to conform the rest of Ansible's boolean handling (mixed Jinja/Python and YAML), so now it will be more consistent with the rest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``bool`` Jinja filter now conforms to the rest of the Ansible boolean handling (mixed Jinja/Python and YAML).
```

> of the system. Previouslly this was only doing a partial 'positive' match so most values were considered ``False`` if not one of ``'yes', 'on', '1', 'true', 1``, now this has been expanded to ``'y', 'yes', 'on', '1', 'true', 't', 1, 1.0, True`` (case insenstivie match). Also a ``strict`` (False by default) option has been added so ``False`` can also be contrasted against a set list instead of being 'not true' when set to ``True``. This means that non True nor False values will produce an error as a 'non boolean value'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, this was only doing a partial 'positive' match so most values were considered ``False`` if not one of ``'yes', 'on', '1', 'true', 1``. Now this has been expanded to ``'y', 'yes', 'on', '1', 'true', 't', 1, 1.0, True`` (case insenstivie match). Also a ``strict`` (False by default) option has been added so ``False`` can also be contrasted against a set list instead of being 'not true' when set to ``True``. This means that non True nor False values will produce an error as a 'non boolean value'.
```
